feat(curriculum): add email simulator workshop (#60935)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/25-front-end-development/workshop-email-simulator/6853f90fd03acc9fd75ff860.md

---
id: 6853f90fd03acc9fd75ff860
title: Step 28
challengeType: 20
dashedName: step-28
---

# --description--

The `User` class needs a method to send emails to other users. When sending an email, you'll create a new `Email` object and add it to the receiver's inbox.

Create a method called `send_email` in your `User` class. This method should take parameters for `receiver`, `subject`, and `body`. 

Inside the method, create a new `Email` object with the following parameter values and assign it to a variable named `email`:

- `sender`: `self` (the current user)
- `receiver`: `receiver` (the user receiving the email)
- `subject`: `subject` (the subject of the email)
- `body`: `body` (the body of the email)

# --hints--

You should define a method named `send_email` in the `User` class that takes `self`, `receiver`, `subject`, and `body` as parameters.

```js
({
    test: () => 
    {
        assert(runPython(`_Node(_code).find_class("User").find_function("send_email").has_args("self, receiver, subject, body")`))
    }

})
```

> You should create a new `Email` object with the correct parameters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You should create a variable named `email` and assign it a new `Email` object with the correct arguments.
```

```js
({
    test: () => 
    {

>         assert(runPython(`_Node(_code).find_class("User").find_function("send_email").find_body()[0].is_equivalent("email = Email(sender=self, receiver=receiver, subject=subject, body=body)")`))

Reviewer 2: @zairahira

Was this change applied?
